ci: run hyperlink checking with quiet mode flag enabled (#2476)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2476.trivial.rst

> Check hyperlinks: run the ``sphinx`` linkchecker in quiet mode to make it easier to find problem links from the console output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabled the ``sphinx`` linkchecker in quiet mode to make it easier to find problem links from the console output.
```
minor edit for consistency with other changelog entries
